---
title: "Computing fears and hopes"
date: 2021-10-08
draft: false
author: Event Management Team
description: "In a world when so much of our lives are conducted online, having your identity taken is a legitimate concern but there is more to cybercrimes than what meets the eye"
---

The intricate relationships that humans have with the technologies they
build are at the foundation of the creation of hacking as a societal
problem. Technical advancement, a distinguishing feature of modernity,
has created as many issues as it has solved problems. While computers
and robots have been seen as providing respite from filthy, dangerous,
and monotonous work for decades, they have also been viewed with some
trepidation in terms of their potential to displace and even dominate
humans. Computer hacking is built on a foundation of debates about the
costs and hazards of technology in general, and information and
communication technologies in particular.

In general, public awareness and computer technology have two sides: on
the one hand, it provides tremendous opportunities to broaden our mental
horizons; on the other hand, it has a negative connotation: folks might
feel frightened by technology's complexity, and as a result, dread
losing control to technology. So it's possible for computers to cause
existential uneasiness in people. The sharp edge of that overall concern
is people and computer hacking (Taylor 1998).

Threats to privacy, public and private property, and trust are at the
heart of hacking as a societal concern, both actual and imagined. I'll
simply give a quick overview of each danger here because the rest of the
article will go over them in greater detail. First, there's privacy: we
have personal information that we want to keep confidential, much of it
in the form of digitized data that helps us go through our personal and
professional lives more easily.

In a world when so much of our lives are conducted online, having your
identity "taken" is a legitimate concern. Many of the technologies that
support our collective life are extensively computerized and linked by
networked infrastructures that may be hacked. Hacking can affect
people's confidence in a negative way. Our modern network society is
built on trust: faith in technology creators, technology regulatory
agencies, and any users of these systems who follow proper processes and
rules. Some types of computer hacking erode trust by making potential
and existing users of systems frightened of being victims of an attack,
and by making individuals who might benefit from ubiquitous information
technology reluctant to utilize them. People who are afraid of being
hacked frequently set restrictions on what they do online, and as a
result, they miss out on some of the benefits of online social
networking, online shopping, and healthcare.

Hacking has been labeled as a sort of deviance in some circles. In order
to see hacking as a deviant action, we must alter our perspective away
from a legal point of view to one of activism and dissent. Deviance is
defined as behavior that challenges social and cultural standards. Now,
social and cultural norms are in constant flux, and there is never a
universal agreement on what is acceptable and what is not; however, some
norms are agreed upon, and those who deviate from them are labeled as
deviants (Becker 1997; Curra 2000). A lot of what is done in the name of
computer hacking is labeled as deviant behavior at some point and as
acceptable at another. And the hackers who have been labeled as deviant
have challenged those norms.


The digital land's views are more liberal and modern than the real-life
ones. Many consider concepts of property and ownership are irrelevant
for digital assets and they believe information and therefore knowledge
should be made freely available for all of humanity. Consequently, some
aspect of hacking is just "liberating" information guarded
behind-closed-doors by circumventing the digital locks. The concept of
intellectual property is the source of many heated debates and has legal
and social implications. Disagreements result in conflicts between
people who view themselves as liberators of humanity and companies and
governments that regard themselves as protectors of intellectual
property. This situation is one of the most important and common
outcomes.


There's another type of hacking that is focused on the creation,
sharing, and modification of free and open-source software. This appears
to be different and unrelated to cybercrimes. After all, open-source
hackers operate in the open and share their code and skills; so what's
the problem? To answer that, we must first define "free" in the context
of free and open-source software. Berry (2004) and SÃ¶derberg (2008)
define free and open-source software as the ability to inspect and
modify the source code. Given that most of what is seen as problematic
about hacking include circumvention digital protections, it is important
that we recognize that not all hacking activity, including many types of
free and open-source hacking, is harmful to society. However, it is not
always simple to distinguish between free and open-source hacking and
cybercrimes. For this reason, the term "hacking" is used to describe
creative pursuits and "cracking" for cybercrimes.

To conclude, what constitutes cybercrimes are constantly changing. The
digital world is in its infancy, so we may stumble and even fall but
shall never limit ourselves for the pursuit in technological advancement
is one of self-improvement --- something that is core to what it is to
be human.
